lines just to bring you up to date with
relating to Brits caught up in this
conflict um we're getting news from the
foreign office telling us that the first
British Nationals have now left Gaza
among those we assume that were able to
make that Crossing today um the
statement is brief but it says the first
British Nationals have crossed the Raffa
border crossing from Gaza into Egypt we
know of course open for a very limited
time today to allow some of those that
are injured in Gaza to leave to get help
in Egypt but also foreign Nationals able
to now make that Crossing uh across the
border uh the statement goes on to say
we will continue to work with Partners
to ensure that the crossing is opened
again allowing vital Aid as we've
discussed into Gaza and for more foreign
Nationals to leave safely The Crossing
will be open they say for a controlled
and Tim limited period to allow specific
groups of foreign Nationals and
seriously wounded to leave so that is as
far as that Rafa border crossing is
concerned uh a development there the
first British Nationals have been among
those able to leave the territory but at
the same time of course those Hamas
attacks on Israel nearly 3 weeks ago has
left uh many families still without
answers as to what has happened to their
loved ones uh we Now understand that 14
Britains have been killed in those Hamas
attacks on Israel 3 weeks ago so now
putting a number on that at 14 Britain
who have been killed in those attacks
three are still missing so the we goes
on for the families of three Britain who
are still missing
but 14 now confirmed dead uh UK
authorities the statement reads will
work with Israeli authorities and others
to establish what happened to them so uh
some answers in safaris knowing the fate
of those 14 Britain but as yet no detail
about what happened to them and for the
other three who are still missing uh no
answers as yet so those two lines
regarding Brits caught up in this
conflict in the Middle East but of
course many amilies are now waiting at
the Rafa Crossing just desperate to
leave Gaza our special correspondent
fergo Kean is based in Jerusalem but
he's been working with freelance
journalists inside Gaza who are filming
for the BBC for them to tell their
stories take a
look caught in the Borderlands the small
space between War and
Peace because whatever is ahead has to
be better than what is behind them
in this place of the
list the names of the lucky
[Applause]
ones that's if luck is having to flee
your home to say goodbye to family Left
Behind under
bombardment Mona has an Australian
passport she told a BBC colleague of her
anguish that leaving Family behind I'm
not happy at all that's because I'm
leaving my my other part my brothers and
sisters my whole family is still here um
I wish inshah they all be in safe place
um situation is terrible there it's very
very
bad many of those who can't get to Egypt
are crowding into gaza's hospitals
believing they might be safe there
they bring their wounded and their
questions patients ask me if they should
go to the South but the south is being
bombed and the hospitals in the South
are crowded or should they stay in Gaza
they ask me if they can stay in the
hospital here but it is also crowded and
we have no place for them we do not know
how we can treat them we feel sorry for
them because we can't provide them with
any Services although the hospital is
open yazid Abu nahel suffers from
seizures made worse by the Terrors of
the
war this is the third time his sister
tala has tried to get him across the
border every time the situation when I
believe it's it got to the worst it just
keeps getting worse and
then I don't know it's like we're trying
we're trying to survive like we're not
sure we're going to make it but we're
trying to do anything that we can to do
to survive because we just I simply
don't want to die at 24
basically we heard tonight they didn't
make it
out but they'll try again
tomorrow they'll keep
trying fergal Kean BBC News Jerusalem